Developer Tools week 3 day 2 update (#58)
microsoft/win-student-devs: docs/30DaysOfPWA/dev-tools/02.md

| ------- | ----------- |
| **What is PWABuilder.com?** | A quick intro into PWABuilder.com |
| **How it works** | A quick walkthrough of the PWABuilder site |
| **Exercise** | An exercise to evaluate and publish your PWA using PWABuilder.com | 
| **Resources** | Some resources to learn more! |

## What is PWABuilder?

> PWABuilder is  a project whose overarching goal is to make building and packaging good quality PWAs a smooth experience for developers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PWABuilder is a project designed to make building and packaging good quality PWAs a smooth experience for developers. 
```

> [PWABuilder.com](https://www.pwabuilder.com) is a one-stop shop to evaluate and publish your PWA to app stores in a matter of minutes. It strives to achieve the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At [PWABuilder.com](https://www.pwabuilder.com), you can evaluate and publish your PWA to app stores in a matter of minutes. More specifically, PWABuilders allows you to: 
```

> [PWABuilder.com](https://www.pwabuilder.com) is a one-stop shop to evaluate and publish your PWA to app stores in a matter of minutes. It strives to achieve the following: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[PWABuilder.com](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/www.pwabuilder.com) is a one-stop shop to evaluate and publish your PWA to app stores in a matter of minutes. It strives to achieve the following: 
```

> [PWABuilder.com](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/www.pwabuilder.com) is a one-stop shop to evaluate and publish your PWA to app stores in a matter of minutes. It strives to achieve the following: 

Reviewer 3: Nit: you have a line break here, but for info, it won't appear in the rendered HTML page.
If you really want a line break in the rendered page, you can do:

```
[...] good quality PWAs as smooth experience for developers.\
PWABuild.com is a one-stop shop [...]
```

Or just add another line break to create a new paragraph.

1.	Create and publish your PWA package to multiple app stores such as the Microsoft store. It eliminates the need to understand the native code or underlying platforms in order to submit to these stores.
2.	Evaluate the quality of your PWA by analyzing the manifest and service worker, and give you recommendations of what can be improved to make your PWA even better.

> 3.	Edit your manifest and add more advanced features to your service worker. This means that even if you have a non-PWA website, you can easily convert it into a PWA just by choosing the right “ingredients” from the manifest and service worker options that we provide. 

Reviewer 3: I think this should not be an ordered list. An unordered list is probably better because these are pros of using PWABuilder, in no particular order.

> 3.	Allow you to edit your manifest and add more advanced features to your service worker. This means that even if you have a non-PWA website, you can easily convert it into a PWA just by choosing the right “ingredients” from the manifest and service worker options that we provide. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.	Edit your manifest and add more advanced features to your service worker. This means that even if you have a non-PWA website, you can easily convert it into a PWA just by choosing the right “ingredients” from the manifest and service worker options that we provide. 
```

> Fun fact, PWABuilder.com is itself a PWA! It's also completely [open source](https://github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder), along with all the other great tools that are part of the PWABuilder suite.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fun fact, PWABuilder.com is itself a PWA! It's also completely [open source](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder), along with all the other great tools that are part of the PWABuilder suite.
```

## How it works

> Let’s now deep dive into what PWABuilder can do for you. The PWA we are going to use in this walkthrough is Webboard (https://webboard.app), an open source Whiteboarding app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let’s now deep dive into what PWABuilder can do for you. The PWA we are going to use in this walkthrough is Webboard (https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/webboard.app), an open source Whiteboarding app.
```

First, we enter the URL on the homepage of PWABuilder.

<br>
<br>
<div align="center" padding="100px"> 
<img src="_media/02/homepage.png" width="800" padding="100px" alt="Enter a URL on the homepage" title="Enter a URL on the homepage"/>
</div>
<br>

> <br>

Reviewer 3: Why not use markdown images here?
Using `<br>` elements and a 100px padding seems a bit excessive here. I don't know how this renders in docsify, but since other articles don't do this, it's not going to be very consistent with them.
Plus this html code makes it harder to read the markdown source.
Also, did you test on multiple screen sizes to see how this HTML/CSS styling affect the final article?

Reviewer 4: Yeah I changed it back to markdown. I was having some issues rendering it before.

> You will be taken to this report card page that tells you your score for each component of the PWA.

Reviewer: Maybe a tiny tidbit about how these scores are calculated and what they mean specifically might help to add context.

@beth-panx @jgw96 do we have plans to talk about how to improve these scores at any point?

Reviewer 2: @amrutha95

Reviewer 4: Added a little bit of context here

<br>
<br>
<div align="center"> 
<img src="_media/02/Report_card_page_2.png" width="800" alt="Report card page on PWAbuilder.com" title="Report card page on PWAbuilder.com"/>
</div>
<br>
<br>

> Under the tab “Manifest Options” you can add more details to your manifest. We also help you generate icons of all the sizes needed by the various app stores as well as screenshots that will appear on the PDP pages.

Reviewer: Back-ref to articles about different manifest fields?

> Under the tab “Manifest Options” you can add more details to your manifest. We also help you generate icons of all the sizes needed by the various app stores as well as screenshots that will appear on the PDP pages.

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't use `We` in `We also help you generate icons`. The blog series isn't from the PWA Builder team specifically. I think we should be neutral as much as possible. In particular here, this could be replaced with `The tool also helps you generate icons ...`.

Reviewer 3: I don't know what `PDP` means. I think I might not be the only one. Could you replace the acronym with the long version?

Reviewer 4: Good call out thank you!

<br>
<br>
<div align="center"> 
<img src="_media/02/Icon_Screenshot_3.png" width="800" alt="Edit your manifest on PWABuider.com" title="Edit your manifest on PWABuider.com"/>
</div>
<br>
<br>

> If you don’t have a service worker or would like to improve on your existing one based on your score, go to the “Service Worker Options” Tab. Here we have code for service workers that offer advanced functionality like offline copy, caching media and much more!

Reviewer: What is "much more"?

Reviewer: Also, ref to service worker capabilities?

<br>
<br>
<div align="center"> 
<img src="_media/02/SWPage_4.png" width="800" alt="Edit your Service worker and add new capabilities" title="Edit your Service worker and add new capabilities"/>
</div>
<br>
<br>

When you’re happy with all the changes you have made, you are now ready to publish! PWABuilder generates packages for your PWA for many app stores such as the Microsoft Store, iOS App store and the Google Play Store.

<br>
<br>
<div align="center"> 
<img src="_media/02/Publish_5.png" width="800" alt="Publish page on PWABuilder" title="Publish page on PWABuilder"/>
</div>
<br>
<br>

> There you have it, folks!  That’s how quickly you can go from having a regular web app or a basic PWA, to a polished, high quality PWA that is ready to be published to various app stores!

Reviewer: Hm. I'm not sure about using "polished, high quality PWA" here. I feel like it implies PWABuilder is all you need to build a good PWA user experience, which might go against our goal of changing how PWAs are perceived (websites that have been made installable vs. real app experiences)

Reviewer 4: I changed it a bit, let me know if you still want me to tweak it or if you have any suggestions

## Why should you use PWABuilder?

> It has to be understood that simply having a web manifest and service worker does not necessarily make a good PWA. With tools like [PWABuilder.com](https://pwabuilder.com), [pwa-starter](https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter) and [PWA Studio](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PWABuilder.pwa-studio), our vscode extension, we want to help your app reach its potential by harnessing all the powers of PWA technology. Whether you want to start building from scratch, or just need some additional features sprinkled on top to make your PWA shine, PWABuilder's got you covered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It has to be understood that simply having a web manifest and service worker does not necessarily make a good PWA. With tools like [PWABuilder.com](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/www.pwabuilder.com), [pwa-starter](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter) and [PWA Studio](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/pwa-studio), our vscode extension, we want to help your app reach its potential by harnessing all the powers of PWA technology. Whether you want to start building from scratch, or just need some additional features sprinkled on top to make your PWA shine, PWABuilder's got you covered.
```

> It has to be understood that simply having a web manifest and service worker does not necessarily make a good PWA. With tools like [PWABuilder.com](https://pwabuilder.com), [pwa-starter](https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter) and [PWA Studio](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PWABuilder.pwa-studio), our vscode extension, we want to help your app reach its potential by harnessing all the powers of PWA technology. Whether you want to start building from scratch, or just need some additional features sprinkled on top to make your PWA shine, PWABuilder's got you covered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It has to be understood that simply having a web manifest and service worker does not necessarily make a good PWA. With tools like [PWABuilder.com](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/www.pwabuilder.com), [pwa-starter](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter) and [PWA Studio](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/pwa-studio), our vscode extension, we want to help your app reach its potential by harnessing all the powers of PWA technology. Whether you want to start building from scratch, or just need some additional features sprinkled on top to make your PWA shine, PWABuilder's got you covered.
```

> It has to be understood that simply having a web manifest and service worker does not necessarily make a good PWA. With tools like [PWABuilder.com](https://pwabuilder.com), [pwa-starter](https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter) and [PWA Studio](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PWABuilder.pwa-studio), our vscode extension, we want to help your app reach its potential by harnessing all the powers of PWA technology. Whether you want to start building from scratch, or just need some additional features sprinkled on top to make your PWA shine, PWABuilder's got you covered.

Reviewer: Oh, I see you elaborate more here. Still, I'm hesitant. Still feel like it reads a little like "PWABuilder will make your app good"

> It has to be understood that simply having a web manifest and service worker does not necessarily make a good PWA. With tools like [PWABuilder.com](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/www.pwabuilder.com), [pwa-starter](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter) and [PWA Studio](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/pwa-studio), our vscode extension, we want to help your app reach its potential by harnessing all the powers of PWA technology. Whether you want to start building from scratch, or just need some additional features sprinkled on top to make your PWA shine, PWABuilder's got you covered.

Reviewer 3: Example of how to make this a bit more neutral:

```suggestion
Simply having a web app manifest and a service worker does not necessarily make a good PWA. Tools like [PWABuilder.com](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/www.pwabuilder.com), [pwa-starter](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter) and the [PWA Studio](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/pwa-studio) VS Code extension, can help your app reach its potential by harnessing all the powers of PWA technology. Whether you want to start building from scratch, or just need some additional features sprinkled on top to make your PWA shine, these tools can help you get there.
```

Stay tuned for more!

## Exercise
Try PWABuilder.com today with a website/PWA that you are working on. Run the PWA through PWABuilder, add more capabilities to your service worker and make it publish-ready by filling up all the fields in the manifest. Try generating a test package on the Windows platform in the publish page and sideload it. When you feel your PWA is ready, try publishing it to one of the app stores.

## Resources

> * [PWABuilder's GitHub Repository - Raise an issue or contribute to make PWABuiilder even better!](https://github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [PWABuilder's GitHub Repository - Raise an issue or contribute to make PWABuiilder even better!](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder)
```

> * [PWABuilder's GitHub Repository - Raise an issue or contribute to make PWABuiilder even better!](https://github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder)
> * [Join the PWABuilder Discord Server!](https://discord.gg/f3my6ruZ)
> * [PWA Studio - our VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PWABuilder.pwa-studio)
> * [PWA Starter - a template to start building a PWA from scratch](https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [PWABuilder's GitHub Repository - Raise an issue or contribute to make PWABuiilder even better!](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder)
* [Join the PWABuilder Discord Server!](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/discord.gg/f3my6ruZ)
* [PWA Studio - our VS Code extension](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/pwa-studio)
* [PWA Starter - a template to start building a PWA from scratch](https://aka.ms/learn-PWA/30Days-3.2/github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-starter)
```
